Hello everyone, I sang this part 60
minecraft engine
in this part but it is like a jubilee
part but you do not worry me every
series that ends on legs so
or else call pancakes this series you
I will show such a mechanism, press the lever
the door opens and the descent of the mystery yes
but then the steps are normal blocks in
In general, this 2 came up with 7b
Well, I already did a tutorial on his
the mechanism is a simple matter of their in Russian so
it is necessary so it is necessary so cool and today
I will teach you how to make a system like it
the middle looks very compact very
I do not know how he put it all so
compact but let's get started so
that we wo n't need it here
then we will need to move a little bit all
I am ready to mean that I do the strain we
will we do will do this door
it means just a block here is another block
here is the repeater on 4 here on the 1st here
rexton here torch redstone
here the torch which inversion does here
so rises here two repeaters
here, too, the torch is delayed by 3 blocks
put here the piston here the piston signal
through the piston will be transmitted not
hurting him i mean he won't
activate that this here torch and then
cost there is a piston here like this
introduced
here so we do then here so here
We put on 3 delay and Peter here on 2 here
that's how here here so here so here
need to do later
here is sticky piston here is sticky
piston and here block m ordinary piston
ordinary piston sticky tapes sticky
sticky sticky sticky sweat here still so
3 sticky now go by did not want
sneeze will not work so then here
Now dig this survey
here so we carry redstone here peter on
one delay here at 4 here we are all
close the case so then we are here
Redstone from this unit will be
energize here delay for 3 here
delay by 4
here and here redstone
then what else do we need like yes
how would everything really so here
here we close here and then here
also close everything and we still need
stairs well stairs steps stairs
put here on the sticky piston and on this
sticky piston oh what's up there
don't mane like mane
so here we all enter that is our
floor level and system activation
Well, let's say here and now we look
so I'm somewhere on the file explicit 3:01
sorry this is by the way
was accidentally exposed
all here is very important nowhere not to mess around
the delay here when I first saw
this door and I built it on the tutorial about
first tried to build with me not
it turned out then I built there was
card description and
The link in the map description was a link to
map I downloaded it built about
even built like that
mechanism built there
but I still got the Kirov but
in general, over time, I learned this
do and here you taught and everything is cool then
there is like that for work and everything is like
usually you can download the link from the map
will be in the description
if he does not understand something, I think you
something is still not clear and
it's not my non-professionalism that
I said bad thing that
really a mechanism for such a bunch of delays
need to remember where the delay is
I remembered that you still have everything
it's okay in general, as always with
you were Bill I showed you today
awesome mechanism will also be too
ficken mechanism and don't forget
subscribe if you still haven't
signed in general thank you all for
view and all bye